A case and let's create the seats table.
OK so the seats table has the ID column like every other table which is our primary key and that will
turn commence.
And then we have to row and the number columns.
So this contains the data for the right number of the C and the number of the C.
So when you go to the cinema you see it normally has a row in a number like a 5 or G 11.
So this is going to contain that data and then the final column is going to contain the room ID.
So it's going to say which room the seat is in and that's going to be a foreign key to the ID field
in the room table.
And you can see in the second picture here that there's is one to many relationship between the rooms
and seats.
So one room can have many seats a particular seat can only be situated in one room.
So they have a one to many relationship and as a foreign key between Ramadi and the Sikh's table and
the ID column in the rooms table.
OK so now they say put in my school work bench and create the seats table
case and they were in my school work bench we can create the seats table Sit tight create table seats
open our brackets like normal finish with a semi-colon.
And then within brackets we need to type all columns are data types and all constraints.
So the first column was ID which is our primary key which auto increments like normal.
And then the next column was for the seat.
Right.
So we need to type right.
And this was chaw data type of length 1.
So each row is going to be either a B C D etc. and you're going to have one letter in it.
And this is not no.
So the not no constraint and then the next column was all numbers column so the number for the C.
This is an.
And it's also not no.
And then the final column was all room ID.
And this is the foreign key you remember.
So this is it's and it's also no.
And now we need to define our foreign key.
So we need to tie foreign key apron and pair brackets and tie Brumidi then we need to tie preferences.
And we're referencing the Reames table open up of rockets and we're referencing the ID column in the
rooms table.
So we type it just like that.
We don't need to end it with anything.
And then if we run that statement it creates the seats table and we can type show tables in our database
tables.
We now have our seats table here.
So we have five tables now and then just like before we can type describe
seats
run that statement.
And you can see we have our seats table has four columns ID ready number Ramadi the data types for each
column.
None of them allow no values.
We have our primary key we have our foreign key.
None of them have a default value sat on our prime.
Key is her incrementing.
OK so that's it for the seats table.